README.md, before:

# Open University Code

Code that I write to help me work through my Open University degree. I have or am
studying the following modules:

* MST121 (pass)
* M248 (Grade 2 pass)
* MS221 (Current)
* M336 (Current)

As a linux & python user I tend to do most of my work using [scipy](http://scipy.org)
within pylab. In addition I make use of [sympy](http://sympy.org). I do my formal
writing using [lyx](http://lyx.org).

![ou](http://www.open.ac.uk/includes/headers-footers/oulogo-56.jpg)

You can find some more about me on a rather stale blog at [jaymz.eu](http://jaymz.eu)

## MS221

### Linear transforms

Python code to (so far):

* Transform the unit square with an abritary 2x2 matrix and plot result
* Generate terms of a linear recurrance relation with given transform & inital term

Matplotlib provides output diagrams as PNGs:

![transform example](https://raw.github.com/jaymzcd/oucode/master/example/unitsquare.png)

## M248 & MST121

I completed these prior to doing much so there's no code relating to these modules.

## M336

This AI course has yet to begin formally. The language used within it is _netlogo_.
Hopefully I'll end up trying some of the ideas and concepts around neural nets
in python using existing libraries and numpy.

Commit message:

readme/examples added for integer rings

README.md, after:

# Open University Code

Code that I write to help me work through my Open University degree. I have or am
studying the following modules:

* MST121 (pass)
* M248 (Grade 2 pass)
* MS221 (Current)
* M336 (Current)

As a linux & python user I tend to do most of my work using [scipy](http://scipy.org)
within pylab. In addition I make use of [sympy](http://sympy.org). I do my formal
writing using [lyx](http://lyx.org).

![ou](http://www.open.ac.uk/includes/headers-footers/oulogo-56.jpg)

You can find some more about me on a rather stale blog at [jaymz.eu](http://jaymz.eu)

## MS221

### Linear transforms

Python code to (so far):

* Transform the unit square with an abritary 2x2 matrix and plot result
* Generate terms of a linear recurrance relation with given transform & inital term

Matplotlib provides output diagrams as PNGs:

![transform example](https://raw.github.com/jaymzcd/oucode/master/example/unitsquare.png)

### Cayley tables for integer rings

Uses sage & matplotlib to visualize a multiplcation table for integer rings. That
is the remainders mod X for integers up to X. Imagemagick is used to montage
the resultant files together for comparassion.

By setting `exclude_zero` to `True` the 0-row will not be shown.

![ring 13](https://raw.github.com/jaymzcd/oucode/master/example/ring-13.png)

![rings](https://raw.github.com/jaymzcd/oucode/master/example/rings.png)

## M248 & MST121

I completed these prior to doing much so there's no code relating to these modules.

## M336

This AI course has yet to begin formally. The language used within it is _netlogo_.
Hopefully I'll end up trying some of the ideas and concepts around neural nets
in python using existing libraries and numpy.
